[IMP] inventory: remove rescheduling (#8186)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/routes/concepts/use_routes.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: View of a generic push to rule when receiving products.

Here is an example of a fulfillment route. In the morning, items are picked for all the orders that
need to be prepared during the day. These items are picked from storage locations and moved to the
picking area, close to where the orders are packed. Then, the orders are packed in their respective

> boxes and conveyors bring them close to the shipping docks, ready to be delivered to customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
boxes, and conveyor belts bring them to the shipping docks, ready to be delivered to customers.
```
Optional rewording for clarity

  the available stock of the source location. If there is no stock available, the system tries to
  find a rule to bring the products to the source location.

> Sample full route flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example flow
```
Totally optional - up to you
